Enable org users to see direct network data (#408)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vcd: CHANGELOG.md

* `resource/vcd_network_direct` Add property `description`
* `resource/vcd_network_routed` Add check for valid IPs [GH-374]
* `resource/vcd_network_isolated` Add check for valid IPs [GH-373]

> * `resource/vcd_network_direct` Org User can now read this resource (previously it was only Sys Admin) - this change makes it possible to get the details of External Network as Org User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `datasource/vcd_network_direct` and `resource/vcd_network_direct` are now readable by Org User (previously it was only by Sys Admin), as this change made it possible to get the details of External Network as Org User [GH-408]
```

  [GH-379]
* Fix `vcd_independent_disk` reapply issue, which was seen when optional `bus_sub_type` and `bus_type` wasn't used - [GH-394]
* Fix `vcd_vapp_network` apply issue, where the property `guest_vlan_allowed` was applied only to the last of multiple networks.

> * Fix `vcd_network_direct` data reading from Org Users. Such users can now read the data from existing direct networks.

Reviewer: I suggest rephrasing the message to make it clearer and move it to improvements:

```suggestion
* `resource/vcd_network_direct` Org User can now use this resource (previously it was only Sys Admin) - this change makes it possible to get the details of External Network as Org User
```

Author: changed

Author: About the documentation page, for the resource it is still valid. Org users can't create a direct network. But they can read it.
We have the warning banner in the resource, but not in the data source
